Polymorphism:
   -> if one task is performed in different ways 
   ex: cat speaks meow 
   
  it has two types
    1. Method overloading
    2.Method overriding
    
  1.method overloading:
    -> it allows us to create multiple method with same name but different signature.
       we can achieve method overloading in two ways:
       1.By changing the number of arguments
       2.By changing the data type of arguments
       
   Advantage:
      -> Method overloading increases the readability of the program.
   Note:
      -> Method overloading not possible by changing the return type of method only.
      
    Method Overloading Type Promotion:
    -> One type is promoted to another implicitly if no matching datatype is found.
    Note: 
      -> One type is not de-promoted implicitly for example double cannot be depromoted to any type implicitly.
      
  2.method overriding:
   -> if a subclass provides a specific implementation of method that is already provided by its parent class.
   -> it is used for runtime polymorphism and implement the interface methods.
   
   Rule:
     1. the method must have same name as in parent class.
     2. the method must have the same signature as parent class.
     3. two classes must have s Is-A relationship between them.
     
    Note:
      1. we can't override the static method beacuse they are part of class not the object.
      
    
    
    
   Method Overloading                                                      Method Overriding
   1.Method overloading increases the                         1.Method overriding provides the specific implementation of the method 
     readability of the program.                                that is already provided by its superclass.
   2.Method overloading occurs within the class.             2.Method overriding occurs in two classes that have IS-A relationship between them.
   3.In this case, the parameters must be different.         3.In this case, the parameters must be the same.	
